Building without tests-tools (#14268)
mixxxdj/mixxx: CMakeLists.txt

# Tests
#

> if(NOT DEFINED BUILD_TESTING)
>   find_package(GTest CONFIG)
>   if(GTest_FOUND)
>     message(STATUS "Found GTest: tests enabled")
>     set(BUILD_TESTING ON)
>   endif()
> elseif(BUILD_TESTING)
>   find_package(GTest CONFIG REQUIRED)
>   if(GTest_FOUND)
>     message(STATUS "Found GTest")
>   endif()
> endif()

Reviewer: What is the reason for not doing:

```suggestion
find_package(GTest CONFIG)
cmake_dependent_option(
  BUILD_TESTING
  "Build with Unittests"
  OFF
  "GTest_FOUND"
  ON
)
if(BUILD_TESTING AND NOT GTest_FOUND)
  message(FATAL_ERROR "GTest is required for DBUILD_TESTING=ON")
endif()
````

same below

Author: None. But you mean ON/OFF reverted no ?

Reviewer: Oh yes sure. Sorry.

Reviewer: Oh, just noticed that cmake_dependent_option() does not work, because it forces the value to "OFF" independent form the user value. We want:  
`default_option(BUILD_TESTING, "Build with Unittests", "GTest_FOUND")`

Author: The commit's logic is clear and CMakeMagic doesn't decrease the number of lines.

Reviewer: default_option(BUILD_TESTING, "Build with Unittests", "GTest_FOUND")

Reuses a bit of the complexity used elsewhere in our CMakLists.txt.
That's why I prefere this. But I don't insist.

Author: OK. I'll check that.
PR 2.5 pushed.
